>> Todd Gardner: Let's talk
about browser support.
All right, this is interesting because
not all browsers support all of these,
and you can't necessarily have the full
picture if you only measure one thing.
So before I get into it,
we're not actually talking about browsers,
we're gonna talk about browser engines.
Because these things are all implemented
in browser engines not the browsers
themselves.
So there's three browser engines
that we really care about here.
We care about Blink, WebKit and Gecko.
Blink, obviously the biggest one.
So that's Chrome, that's Edge,
that's Opera, that's Samsung,
that's Brave, that's Arc,
that's what a lot of people use.
WebKit is Safari, Mobile Safari,
and strangely Chrome
on iOS is also WebKit.
At least for now, this might be
changing here soon, Apple locked down
the ability for which browser engines can
be installed on iOS to only be theirs.
Because they didn't want other people to
go and screw up the browsing experience.
So if you installed Firefox on iOS or
Chrome on iOS or any other browser on iOS,
it was really just a wrapper around
Safari, it wasn't its own thing.
And so for this purposes,
you have to think of Chrome if it's
operating on iOS isn't really Chrome,
it's WebKit.
And then Firefox is based
on one called Gecko, okay?
Here is the breakdown of how this works.
So across the top we have Blink,
WebKit, and Gecko.
On the left are all of the metrics
that we talked about and
then which things are supported.
The legacy metrics,
the ones that have been around forever,
obviously we're all good.
Everything is fine up here at the top.
Where this breaks down is right
here on the Core Web Vitals,
not just these Core Web Vitals, here,
here and here, LCP, CLS, and INP.
And the problem here is that WebKit
does not support any of them.
So Firefox supports LCP,
but not the other ones.
And so
if you're measuring the Core Web Vitals,
which you absolutely should for your SEO.
Because Google is the thing and
you need to make Google like you,
you're actually not
measuring Safari at all.
It's not reflective of your Safari users.
No zero Safari users have sent you a Core
Web Vital metric, you've never gotten one.
So your Core Web Vitals could be great,
but
the user experience on
Safari could still be crap.
You don't know, because you can't
measure those specifically.
Now, what you can measure,
you can measure TTFB,
you can measure FCP, so those are great.
You can still know that those things
are fast across browsers, and
you can build custom metrics for
any one of them.
They both support the performance API,
mark, and measure.
They just don't support the logic
built into the Chrome Web vitals.
They're not technically web standards,
they're just something
that Google has done.
So you just need to be aware that
that data is not reflecting Safari.
So if we look at market share of
these browsers, the big problem here,
I mean Chrome is clearly big and Edge and
Samsung and Opera are all blink as well,
so like a big portion of the internet
is already covered by this.
The problem is Safari.
The problem is that a lot
of people use Safari.
Safari is built into a lot of devices,
a lot of high-end devices.
And if you're building
an e-commerce store,
they tend to be, frankly,
higher value users.
They tend to be the people who spend
more money, tend to have iPhones,
tend to have iOS devices, right?
Apple devices are more
expensive to begin with.
It's a weird signal that this is somebody
who's already willing to spend a lot of
money on technology.
They might be willing to spend
more money on other things too.
So generally, we care a lot
about those Safari users, but
we don't always get the best metrics for
them.
What do we do about this?
Frankly, I don't know.
There's not a good solution for this.
We capture the Core Web Vitals.
There's a lot of good reasons to do it.
You should totally do those things,
but you also just need to periodically
test things out on Safari.
We don't have good automated
metrics to do this.
You just need to make sure your
site doesn't suck on an iPhone.
That's a few generations old to make sure
that normal people can use your site.
There's not a good way to
programmatically get all of that
data other than just testing it yourself.
So that is the end of
our measuring section.
What we're gonna get into next is we're
going to talk about testing and tools.
We're going to talk about the common tools
of web performance and how we go about
getting this data and interpreting it,
specifically some statistics about it.
Then we're gonna talk about setting
a proper corporate performance goals for
your site.
And then we're gonna spend a lot of time
at the end of the day talking about metric
by metric.
Here are tactics you can
use to improve TTFB.
Here are tactics you can use to fix CLS.
And I mean this, for the people who are
watching the video on Frontendmasters.com.
I mean this as an index for you.
You should probably go through it
once to know what they are, but
once you know what metric you
need to improve for your website,
go to that section and
look at those tactics.
Because you don't necessarily need
to do everything for your website.
You shouldn't do everything,
it's a waste of time.
Focus on the metrics that
your site sucks at and
do those tactics to make your site better.